Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Where are you going?
We're not finished.
He failed to kill Jaffrey. It's over.
It can still work.
No. it can't.
We'll never get another chance.
We need to get out of the country.
You really want another body
to get rid of?
-Put the gun down.
-I'll drop you too.
-Gimball's dead.
-How did he die?
This country is fucking mad.
Who cares how it happened.
It'll have the same impact.
It can still work.
We'll succeed...
...if we're all in.
I've always been in.
I wasn't the one who fucked up.
What?
Don't think that because your father
was my captain
and we broke bread together.
it will stop me from pulling the trigger.
Fuck me. guys.
This is crazy.
This is what we're supposed
to be doing to the British.
Walk away from me again
and I'll put a bullet
in the back of your skull.
Now let's blind them.
The police were called to the venue
where the body of a man
in his 60s had been found.
And that he was pronounced dead
at the scene by paramedics.
Police have also confirmed that there
were no suspicious circumstances...
Taverner's here.
...and that the incident
has now been referred
to the Health and Safety Executive.
Mr. Gi...
This is what we know.
Flyte's beginning the interrogation.
I'm going down there now.
You know what.
I'm gonna have to look this over later.
I actually get motion sickness if I read
-and walk at the same time.
-Tara Younis. 28-year-old Libyan.
Her parents fled Tripoli in the 2011 coup.
they tried to settle here.
didn't manage to. moved to Paris.
she returned a year ago.
Model student. no criminal record.
No particular career path.
currently working in events.
Right. Any political affiliations?
No red flags.
Usual activism
for an educated woman of her age.
Heavy on hashtags. light on results.
Any update on Gimball?
Yes. he was in an alley behind the venue.
and a pot of paint rolled off
some scaffolding and hit him on the head.
Really? Good.
Not good. Obviously not good.
Although...
What I mean to say is.
I'm just glad there was no foul play.
Really.
One of Gimball's supporters murders
a load of people at Abbotsfield.
Gimball himself winds up dead...
Catnip for conspiracy theorists. isn't it?
Did you know about Abbotsfield in advance?
I've told you that I don't know
anything about Abbotsfield.
I do.
I was there for the aftermath.
Eleven people dead.
Wives. husbands. parents. kids.
Lives ripped apart.
I'm just Roddy's girlfriend. okay?
Tara. my issue. and the issue
a lot of people in this building have.
is that when you talk about dating Roddy.
it doesn't really wash.
Because we've met him.
Okay.
so he's not really my type.
I don't think he's anyone's type.
But if four masked men
turned up at your flat
and threatened to skin you alive
if you don't seduce Roddy Ho.
then maybe suddenly
he would become your type.
Found a clothes shop.
Was there any change?
-Got these.
-Did you?
Yeah. I can see that.
-With my money. thank you.
-Want one?
A cherry? No. I'm fine. Thanks.
Lamb wants to meet us.
Go change then.
Yeah. I will.
But you drive
and I'll get changed in the back.
No. I wanna eat these.
You can do both at the same time.
That's not safe.
Can you hurry up?
I need the bag for the stones.
Just spit them in the street.
That's disgusting.
That's disgusting?
You just fucking killed a man.
Bag.
Yes. I'm sorry about that.
It's your mate Coe who's gonna be sorry.
I'm gonna fuck him up out of hours. Watch.
Sure. You know. if you need
a less embarrassing cover story
than being tied up by the Slow Horses.
you can always say you got stuck
in a bondage club.
We were here. what. a couple of hours?
You're here every day.
Dennis Gimball. the
independent candidate...
I sent you to protect Jaffrey.
Someone answering your description
assaulted him with a water bottle.
I needed to get him off the stage.
Yeah. Jaffrey was the target.
I spotted some guy heading backstage
who didn't need to be there.
he smuggled in a rifle.
Catherine got Jaffrey offstage
before anything could happen.
Oh. so you're high and she's pissed.
I chased him to the same vehicle
that was outside Ho's.
I got some of the plate.
I thought your tipple was coke. not LSD.
Jackson. you weren't there.
There was an attempted hit on Jaffrey.
-Yeah. we saved his life.
-You didn't save his life.
Gimball's dead. you idiots.
What?
What's River and Coe saying?
I'm off to meet them near the Park.
Should be one of the all time
great debriefs.
Jackson. what's the next?
Well. if memory serves. blind your enemy.
But that could be anything.
Yeah. but given the fact that
"assassinate a populist leader"
couldn't have been clearer
and we failed to stop that.
I think we're fucked.
They're gonna kick us out of MI5.
aren't they?
Yep.
They're gonna kick us out and
they're gonna put us right into prison.
I'm okay with solitude.
Yeah. well. I'm not.
I think you are.
You're deeply lonely. I think you are.
You fu... I'm gonna fucking...
Just fucking shut up. okay?
No more from now on.
And...
Just stop fucking eating cherries!
No one knows we were there.
Nobody knows.
What about the guy
that was fucking fighting Gimball?
Black man fighting known racist
shortly before known racist
is found with head split open.
We don't have to worry about him.
Yeah. okay.
All right. Okay.
All right.
So we just... we just got...
we got there too late.
We got there too late. Lamb. Yeah.
Which is bad. I get it.
but it's not as bad
as actually killing him.
You think he'll buy that?
Yeah. I think he'll buy that.
I think he will.
I think we're fine.
Why did they want you to seduce Roddy?
They didn't say. They...
They just told me
to get close to him. They...
They had psychological profile
telling me what to do and how to behave.
Not that different from most men.
just...
just laugh at his jokes
and tell him what a big man he is.
I copied his key for them.
I thought they might burgle him
or bug him or threaten him.
But I didn't know they'd try to kill him.
I swear.
Do you know what Roddy does for MI5?
They just said he was something
to do with computers.
Did they ask you to do anything
with his computer?
I had to make him show me
he could get into the database.
And...
And when he was out of the room
I typed in a code.
Can you remember it?
They held a knife to my throat
while I recited it.
So. yes. I can remember.
I'll get it over to the tech unit.
They've already combed the system
and didn't detect any anomalies.
Well. I suggest they comb it again.
All right. make this quick.
I'm about to put Taverner in the picture
and I need to know whether Gimball died
because the other side are total pros
or because you two are fucking useless.
I'm guessing both.
Well. we found him dead.
From a falling paint pot.
You're telling me that an assassin
killed him... with a pot of paint?
I guess they just wanted to make it
look like a... like an accident.
It's quite clever actually.
They blew up a fucking penguin enclosure.
They didn't bother
making that look like an accident.
Yeah. but. I mean.
we don't know that that was them.
-Yes. we do.
-No. we don't. No.
That could've been anyone.
What do you mean it could've been anyone?
Name me one person
who's got a grudge against penguins.
-Batman.
-Fuck off.
Look. they got him. Okay?
-I'm sorry.
-They weren't going for him.
they were going for Jaffrey.
Shirley and Catherine stopped it.
I didn't believe 'em
until you started to talk.
Obviously. they wanted
to hit both of them.
Look. I genuinely am.
I'm sorry that we came up short. okay?
But...
In all the time I've known you.
you have never once taken responsibility
for your litany of fuck-ups.
Why are you starting now?
Maybe I'm maturing.
Why is his hood down?
And he's got some color in his cheeks.
He looks positively post-coital.
Now. what really happened?
It was an accident.
You're telling me that
Gimball's swivel-eyed supporters.
the ones who are claiming that
the Deep State
killed their Glorious Leader are right.
We didn't kill him. all right?
Well. then who killed him?
Someone was attacking him
and I thought it was an assassin.
And was he?
Was he what?
An assassin!
-Technically. no...
-For fuck's sake.
-He could've been.
-Can anyone prove you were there?
No. nobody can.
Apart from the guy
that I thought was an assassin.
but he'd left before it happened.
Before the paint pot.
Well. thank God for that. eh?
Yeah. I don't think...
That's... You don't
need to listen to that.
What did you just do?
I just came down the ladder.
Yeah. he really is dead. isn't he?
I think this is recording.
You're not gonna tell the Park. are you?
And have them shut down Slough House?
No. I'm not gonna tell the fucking Park.
Now. stay the fuck away from me.
the pair of you. eh?
And do me a favor.
the next time you cross the road.
do it with your fucking eyes closed.
I don't know anything about computers.
I don't know why they made me do it.
Did Roddy suspect anything?
-Yep?
-No. He was easy to fool.
-Let him in.
-How did you meet Roddy?
-Lamb's here.
-He would go to this gaming club.
Here? Why?
He says he knows what's coming next.
What. is he psychic now?
I think we should hear him out.
We should ascertain who these men are
and what the hell they've done
to our database.
Are you aware that this is
an absolutely no-smoking facility?
We can kill and plunder and blackmail.
but our bodies must remain a temple.
Right. Can we get on with this. please?
Yeah. I was.
We've killed and plundered and blackmailed
and now it's being done to us.
Abbotsfield.
the traffic disruption.
the bomb at the zoo. Gimball.
Attack the village. disrupt the transport.
seize the media. whack a populist leader.
An old MI5 destabilization strategy
that is now being used on us.
Yes. but lest we forget
the traffic disruption
was actually organized
by an established protest group.
Led by the mayor's son.
Yeah. but they'll have used him.
manipulated him.
give it more sense of end times.
You told me that the Abbotsfield killer
was executed.
Well. someone must've groomed him.
gave him a gun.
Okay. what about Gimball then?
Or that's just
a not-so-tragic accident. is it?
Yeah. but they got lucky with Gimball.
It really was an accident.
Jaffrey was the target.
but my guys foiled it.
I'd have told you sooner but you'd have
believed me even less than you do now.
And who would mount such an operation?
Well. I think that's what
we're trying to establish downstairs.
Well. the Libyans are the most
likely perpetrators.
I mean. given the fact
that we fucked them right up
when we helped take out Gaddafi.
And judging by the books on her shelves.
Ho's girlfriend's
been researching Libyan history.
She is Libyan. fled after the coup.
Yeah. well. there you go.
Dander gave me the partial plate
of a vehicle that keeps turning up.
It's probably false. but I gave it
to one of the kids out there.
should be able to trace it.
And since I am in a generous mood...
the next on the list is: blind your enemy.
Yes. come in. Thank you.
Sorry to disturb.
Hello. Devon!
We've traced the partial plates
he gave us.
The vehicle's in a car park
near City Airport.
Gunshot was reported there earlier.
I'm heading there now.
Air traffic control will be vulnerable.
You know what I think?
I think you came here
to put up some smoke screen
so you could throw Ho's girlfriend
under the bus and save him.
If you think for a minute
you're getting access to him or Tara.
you're very much mistaken.
That's not gonna happen.
If that's what you really came here for.
I came here to find out which of the
current or former Libyan security chiefs
have long-harbored beef with Britain.
Now. it helps to know
who you're up against.
Yeah. well.
if you came to ask Molly Doran.
you're shit out of luck 'cause
she's been disappeared...
dispersed. I mean...
in a recent rationalization.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
some of us have. you know...
Yeah.
You should bring forward your resignation
before you die of shame working for that.
Please don't.
I don't think I can cope with your pity.
All right. what have we got. Flyte?
The Tech team are still working
on that code.
What did Lamb have to say?
Nothing. Nothing at all really.
Better get back in there. please.
Thank you.
So. that was the great Jackson Lamb.
was it?
Bloody hell.
Man's obviously lost the plot.
You know. he's sending Wells off
on a wild-goose chase.
I totally fail to see the point of him.
or Slough House for that matter.
"Compromise an agent.
attack the village. disrupt the transport.
seize the media.
assassinate a populist leader."
Thanks.
Way to undermine me. Diana.
Lamb has more field experience
than anyone in this building.
It'd be irresponsible to ignore him.
Yes. but ultimately... ultimately.
it's my decision. isn't it.
how we conduct this interrogation?
So if I say...
How do you know?
Oh. Christ.
They're going to think I told you.
-We can protect you...
-No. you can't!
If I meet them again.
they're gonna kill me. okay?
If you tell us everything.
we can protect you.
I'm sorry.
It's so hard for me to trust anyone.
I trusted them at first.
and look what they made me do.
I'm just so alone now.
How did you meet them?
It was a Libyan cultural group.
I became interested with my heritage.
And I learnt that
I didn't need to feel grateful to Britain
for offering me sanctuary.
Britain owed me sanctuary.
Because you destroyed my country.
Well. things weren't going so great
before we came along.
Yeah. and they're a lot worse now.
And nobody cares.
Things just move on.
I met some activists that were looking
for people to take part in some stunt
to educate people about what Britain did.
We were going to throw red confetti
in a village.
or gate-crash a newsroom. you know.
that kind of stuff.
It was all symbolic.
Then I realized they wanted
to do it all for real.
Then when I said no...
that's when they threatened
to skin me alive.
What are they gonna do
for "blind your enemy"?
I don't know.
Although there was a Libyan proverb
they all laughed about.
Sorry. my Arabic is not great. But...
But it's something like...
"Rainfall makes no impression
on a hard stone."
One of them said.
"Bodies do."
Bodies raining from the sky.
Shit's the fucking apocalypse.
All right. full alert!
We have credible intel
there's a threat to London airports.
So step up security...
Devon. I hear you found bullet casings
in the van.
It's the same gun as Abbotsfield and Ho's.
Also. maps and photos of Gatwick.
Heathrow. Stansted and City.
Anything there that can tell you
where they are now?
Nah. nothing.
CCTV at the entrance went down
after they drove in.
-Okay.
-What'd she say?
They've been scoping the airports.
so we don't know where they are.
They might've got through security.
They could be on the perimeter
with a rocket launcher.
Well?
That code she gave us is some hot shit.
From the wraparound
and the triple-layering.
you can tell it was written
for a specific device.
And what did it do? In English.
Hold on.
No idea.
The only way we can work out what it did
is to run it again on the device
it was used for.
Well. that was Ho's laptop. We have that.
Yeah. and Ho's almost as good
as he thinks it is.
So it'll take us a couple of hours
to crack his password.
Unless...
You're needed. And don't gloat.
Look who came crawling back to papa.
Hey.
Well done on Jaffrey. by the way.
What the fuck happened to Gimball?
It was just some kind of accident.
Paint pot fell on his head.
-Sorry. what?
-Yeah.
It wasn't secured properly.
Wait. were you there when this happened?
Do you know what. I'd rather not know.
Hey. Everything all right?
It's the middle of the night.
Yeah...
I couldn't sleep. and I turned the news on
and I saw this business with Gimball.
What a shit!
What an absolute shit.
And no one's gonna mourn him.
And then I thought the traffic.
and that appalling business at...
What's it called?
Abbotsfield.
-What the fuck is that?
-Abbotsfield. yes.
It's a memory box.
Keepsakes from Ho's dates with Tara.
I was trying to reconnect the system
so I could trace the assassin's vehicle.
found it under some wires.
See. I know what's going to happen.
Yeah. it's one of our
destabilization strategies. We know.
No. no. no. no. no.
Is that human hair?
Well. in terms of criminal psychology.
that is a red flag. right?
I did. I had it. I...
-Blind your enemy.
-No!
It's honey. It's something with honey.
Yeah. honey trap.
They've already done that one.
They do it again.
you see. they do it again.
It's like the bees.
You know. we have such lovely bees here.
Yes.
They make me very happy.
When I can't see you. I think. well.
"At least I've got the bees."
Yeah. look. you should just try
and get back to sleep. okay?
Yes. yes. I will.
I'll see you tomorrow. yes.
for lunch. for Sunday lunch?
Yeah. I'll try.
But I'll probably still be busy with work.
-No. you won't.
-Yes. I fucking will.
Night night. River.
I love you.
Yep. same.
I will be busy
because this isn't finished.
Well. it is for you because the guy you
got sent to protect got his head caved in.
I'm carrying on going through this.
-Why?
-To take the piss out of Ho.
Fine. Knock yourself out.
I'm gonna find something useful to do.
Is that what Lamb told you to do?
Yeah. kind of.
He told us to fuck off
and injure ourselves.
Coe. he says things like that
all the time.
He didn't mean it.
Yes. he did.
Molly.
Why didn't you tell me?
What would you have done?
Whelan didn't even have the courtesy
to do it in person.
I received an email from HR
saying I've been given the push.
Apparently. I am beyond
minimum Service requirements.
So. how are you gonna do it?
It?
Turn the lights out.
Now you've been let go.
Pills. I expect.
That's the favored option. isn't it?
Nah. you got a wider choice than that.
Nice coastal path. Big steep drop.
You might set a new record
for unassisted flight.
At the very least. a personal best.
You're always a comfort. aren't you?
You been following the news?
Abbotsfield?
Yeah. That. the traffic disruption.
bomb at the zoo.
they're all connected.
Coe linked it
to an old destabilization strategy.
Pretty sure it's Libya.
Went to the Park to find out who in Libya.
It'll be in the files. Jackson.
And I'm not a memory act.
Yeah. But on the way over here.
I thought there's one file
that you might have kept.
How did you get them
to open up this place?
I'm First Desk.
Why are we here?
Well. I thought you could do
with a bit of fresh air.
I'm cold.
-You're a kind man. Thank you.
-Yeah. am I? Good.
You should know that we all tried
so hard to help your country.
After the coup.
Sadly it was too great a burden
for us to take on.
-You just washed your hands of us.
-No. no. that's not the case.
We did what we could.
And now.
I need you to do what you can do
for this country.
I've told you everything.
It's up to you now. Mr. First Desk.
Yes. Yes. you have.
Only I was thinking back about something
you'd said earlier.
It struck me as rather curious.
You said...
Well. you said.
"If I meet them again. they'll kill me."
And...
I was wondering how you'd meet them again.
I don't know. I meant if I run into them.
-No. I don't think you did. did you?
-No.
No. If that's what you meant.
you'd have said. "If they find me."
But that's not what you said.
You said. "If I meet them again."
As if it was a possibility.
You have a way of contacting them.
don't you?
No!
They're gonna do something terrible
at an airport. aren't they?
Maybe they're gonna crash a plane
into the city.
-Or blow it up as it hits the runway.
-Stop it. okay?
-I know what you're trying to do.
-I'm trying to save lives.
-No. No. no. no.
-That's what I'm trying to do.
You're trying to make me feel guilty.
And I didn't do anything wrong.
Right. well. you're making a decision
right now. aren't you?
Not to help me.
I'd say that's wrong.
I need to catch these men.
Otherwise. bodies are going to rain
from the sky.
Do you seriously want that
on your conscience?
Midnight.
I'm supposed to meet them
at midnight tonight. I don't know why.
-I just do what they tell me.
-Where?
Piccadilly Circus. They have left a code.
It's taped to the inside of a bin.
It details a tube journey.
The first guy meets me
at the first change.
The second at the next change.
And the third at the final change.
Each one of them checks there are no tails
and no one's following me.
Now. let's go.
-Where?
-You're gonna go meet them.
Oh. no. No. I can't.
-Yes. you can. The clock is ticking.
-No. no. no. no. No.
No. send a team to arrest them.
She can go and do it.
You said yourself they check for tails.
I wanna catch all three of these bastards.
Listen to me. you are far stronger
than you think.
Yes. these are terrible... men.
And I understand.
I see you're a vulnerable young woman.
but you have reserves of strength
you're not even aware of.
-But what if they kill me or something?
-No. no. no. no. no.
We are with you. Every step of the way.
We are going to look after you.
I promise you.
You have my word.
Nothing. nothing is going
to happen to you.
I'll do it.
Thank you.
You're brave. You are very. very brave.
Flyte.
We'll be there every step of the way.
I promise you.
Did you get all that?
Piccadilly Circus.
they meet her in stages.
We follow one step behind.
-Tracker?
-In the coat.
Good.
Are you sure she can do this?
She has to.
I'm going to give a speech on that.
Just tell them...
Claude.
Yes.
Putting Tara in the field is a mistake.
She is not a trained agent.
-Yes. well. she fooled Ho. didn't she?
-Well. anyone can fool Ho.
Look. we've been on the back foot
for far too long.
It's time to take contro...
Need I remind you lives are at stake?
We have a ring of steel
around the airports.
We're ready for them.
They won't get through.
Yeah. forgive me for not being overwhelmed
with confidence
about our strategies hitherto.
You have to appreciate.
whatever their plan is.
it will have already taken into account
our response.
The only way to them is through her.
Listen. I'll handle Tara.
You concentrate on the code
she gave us. okay?
You ready?
I'm sorry. I can't.
Flyte. what is it?
She can't do it.
She'll give herself away.
We have to abort.
Put her on.
Tara. we're with you
every step of the way.
How?
Well. we've got a tracker in your coat.
There's an open mic on your phone.
There's a team following behind you
at a safe distance.
First sign of trouble and they will swoop.
They'll be too late and I'll be dead.
No.
These men have no reason to suspect you.
Not at all.
Sorry. I can't.
Tara. look around you.
You see all these innocent. happy people
just going about their ordinary lives?
Now look up.
There are planes
that can fall from the sky
unless you do this.
And you can do it. I know you can.
-Sir?
-Yeah. Flyte.
Flyte. what's she doing?
Okay.
She's going into the field.
Yes! Good girl.
Not you. Her.
Although you also. very well done.
As soon as you go down the steps
into that station.
I move forward with the men from the car.
We'll be one tube train behind.
Meanwhile.
a second team will track you above ground
and a third team will be in the sky.
If anything happens to me.
please tell my parents
I'm sorry and I love them. okay?
You can tell them yourself
when this is done.
Please.
Team one. move to perimeter.
-Why is this taking so long?
-It isn't.
I'm using the "Ho-dron" Collider
to hack into your system
quicker than any man alive.
-Can't you do this?
-This donkey?
He couldn't even open my laptop.
A trillion possibilities on the password
and one wrong entry wipes the drive.
Of course I backed it up on the dark net.
but no one will ever find that.
Missed you too. Roddy.
We need him to access our system
using the same steps he did before
with the same device.
Then we'll input the code.
And it'll do what it did before?
Except this time. we can slow it down.
see what it is. where it's going.
But it's not actually going anywhere?
No. we can send it down a closed loop.
let it bounce off the walls.
Pretty cool.
Then it'll give us.
you know. vital intelligence.
Ho's a serial killer.
Is that a T-bone steak?
-He kept that from a meal with her?
-He kept everything.
He's an even creepier fucker
than we imagined.
It's not easy for him.
It's not easy for the people around him.
He kept the wristbands and passes
from her work.
It looks like he fished them out the bin.
What did she do again?
Events. wasn't it?
Pretty girl handing out canapés.
This is the good shit though.
Tea bag with date on it.
This is from City Hall.
So is this.
She was at multiple events there.
And an arms fair.
What. you think
she scoped out the Jaffrey hit.
nicked the weapons?
Did she visit the zoo?
With Ho.
And an event for Esso.
She's connected to every element
of the destabilization strategy.
The Park have got her though?
Come on. Tara.
I know you can do this.
Yeah. she's doing it.
-Sir?
-Yes?
We're going to lose her on the CCTV
between the steps and the concourse.
but we'll see her on the tracker.
Right.
Yeah.
Tell Flyte to get in position.
Move to station entrance.
Okay. Code is running.
Oh. look. She copied a file.
What file?
Whose file.
It was Whelan's.
Why did they copy Whelan's file?
Well. no one told me about her
The way she lies
How many people cried
Well. it's too late
To say you're sorry
How would I know?
Why should I care?
Please don't bother trying to find her
She's not there
Why's she stopped moving?
-Is there a delay on the tracker?
-Doesn't seem to be.
-Shall I send Flyte down?
-No. not yet.
They might've intercepted her early.
We don't wanna spook them.
Oh. shit.
Yeah. that word will be cropping up
in your performance review.
The code's doing something else.
-Something it didn't do before?
-We didn't detect it before.
It got in and out and covered its tracks.
Now it can't get out.
Fuck.
Why are we holding position?
-We're gonna lose her.
-She's stopped.
Check CCTV on the concourse.
she must have gone through.
There's no sign of her there.
The tracker is still at the bottom
of the stairs.
Send Flyte down right now.
Flyte. proceed.
No one told me about her
Though they all knew
Well. it's too late
To say you're sorry
How would I know?
Why should I care?
Shit.
Please don't bother trying to find her
She dumped her coat.
Repeat: She dumped her coat.
I don't understand.
Why would she dump the coat?
Her voice was soft and cool
Her eyes were clear and bright
But she's not there
Fuck.
We shouldn't have boxed it in.
No. No. you shouldn't have.
Why is that happening? What...
Can...
Can someone tell me
what the hell is going on here?
I don't know. sir.
Our system's completely shut down.
Blind your enemy.
Fuck my giddy aunt.
Success?
First desk was blinded.
The rest of the Park was blinded.
Now for the final step.
Well. it's too late
To say you're sorry
How would I know?
Why should I care?
Please don't bother trying to find her
She's not there
Well. let me tell you
About the way she looks
The way she acted
The color of her hair
Her voice was soft and cool
Her eyes were clear and bright
But she's not there
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-